[Docs] Update release docs (#7902)
elastic/eui: wiki/eui-team-processes/upgrading-kibana.md

## Opening a draft PR to kick off CI

> At this point, we recommend opening a **draft** PR with your existing commits/changes against Kibana main. Unfortunately, Kibana's many tests are far too numerous to reasonably run them all locally - your machine will OOM if you even try. Kicking off a CI run is therefore the quickest way to find test failures at this point. To starts the Kibana CI simply comment `/ci` on your draft PR.

Reviewer: Very minor copy suggestions, also might as well make it a new paragraph

```suggestion
At this point, we recommend opening a **draft** PR with your existing commits/changes against Kibana main. Unfortunately, Kibana's many tests are far too numerous to reasonably run them all locally - your machine will OOM if you even try. Kicking off a CI run is therefore the quickest way to find test failures at this point.

Draft PRs in Kibana do not start CI automatically - you'll need to manually comment `/ci` in GitHub to kick off a run.
```

Author: Thanks those changes make sense! Updated in this [commit](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/7902/commits/2ba113567e10595f17bbaefd4006acfe30ee52b5) 👍
